# Corner Grocer App
## Project Summary
This terminal based program was designed to assist Corner Grocer. The program is designed to take in text-based records and analyze those records. The records are generated throughout the day by Corner Grocer and list items purchased from the time the store opens to the time the store closes. This program takes the information from those text records, formats the information by providing the name of the item and the amount of times purchased that day. This newly formatted record is saved in a backup file formatted in an alphabetical list. The program will then prompt the user with a main menu with four option to assist the user in receiving the neccessary information to help make their decision easier. The problem that this program solved overall for Corner Grocer was that they needed a program with the specified features above so that they can make a more informed and educated decision on how to best rearange their store while focusing on a more efficient layout based on the results given by the program.

## What was done particularly well?
As a developer, one important concept is this idea of seperation of concerns. By utilizing that thought processes, as well as utilizing different Object Oriented Programming Principles, it led to my decision in designing an easy to maintain file structure and further providing a unit module style of coding by creating individual modules for each functionality, ultimately providing an easy to read codebase as well as an easy to test program, thus leading to fewer bugs and increased speed in finalized code.

## Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
I always believe there is room for improvement. For example, I am sure that I could have utilized different data structures and possibly introduce an algorithm that ultimately can lead to better memory management, performance, and speed overall in the program. I would also want to persoanlly improve the user input validation as well as there was a bug found that I struggled with finding a solution for.

## Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
The most challenging part was writing the logic for option two and three, the "PrintFrequencyFile" function and the "PrintHistogramReport" function. These two funtions gave me the biggest challenge because I had a hard time figuring out a solution using loops in conjuction with the getline method. I utilized many different resources from others having similar issues on stackoverflow, to utilizing the documentation to understand how the getline method worked, thus eventually leading to my solutions used within those two functions.

## What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
There are a few notible skills. First, learning the language C++ overall will generally assist me in many more projects an course work to come. Aside from the language based skills, there are many different skills learned. The second skill is the understanding of the concepts of Object Oriented Programming and how it overall can help enhance the codebase for many reasons. Another really useful skill that will assist me in my future work is the ability to problem solve. This project has challenged me to think creatively and come up with solutions to problems that arose on the spot. Another useful skill that will assist me in my work to come is the ability to write not just readable and maintainable code, but also code that can easily be tested, allowing for fewer bugs and an increased speed in completion.

## How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
As stated above, I utilized a multitude of principles and concepts to assist me in my overall decision on how I wrote my code and structured my files and folders. By utilizing concepts like object oriented programming and unit based programming, these concepts further allowed me to create readable, maintainable, and testable code that can further be updated for scalability purposes.
